Welcome to Snap Adventure! This is a fanmade single-player experience designed to test the skill of veteran Marvel Snap players. This client works in tandem with the base game in order to create a uniquely challenging experience that tests a player's ability to work with limited resources and adapt their strategy to the situation. This adventure is designed to be a more long-form means of playing Marvel Snap, where a single full adventure could take 15-20 hours to complete. It is recommended to play this mode after being at least series 3 complete, though you can customize the database based on your collection.

In Snap Adventure, you are the commander of a team of superpowered individuals that have united against a common adversary. A diabolical mastermind has emerged from the shadows in search of the Infinity Stones, and it is up to you to stop this villain from obtaining them and destroying the multiverse. To make matters worse, the enemy has unleashed a powerful brainwashing toxin into the atmosphere that has converted nearly all civilian and superpowered beings to their side. Only your team possesses an antidote that grants them immunity from the toxin. The mastermind has also obtained the DNA of every member of your team, allowing them to turn your own strength against you. Your only hope is to journey across the eight worlds where the mastermind has set up bases and defeat the mastermind's seven generals. Then you can confront the mastermind directly and uncover its true identity.

NOTE: Due to the complexity of Adventure mode, this client is not fully automatic. It is designed to be automatic where possible and flexible elsewhere to allow the user to modify the game state accordingly. This means the adventure works off the honor system. Set your own rules.

Starting a New Adventure
------------------------
1. Click Adventure Options and select 'Cards'.
2. Scroll through the list and left-click on any cards you do not own in your Marvel Snap collection. This will deselect the card so that it is not in the list of viable cards that can be added to your team. Deselected cards will be have reduced lighting.
3. (Optional) Repeat steps 1 and 2 with 'Locations' menu under Adventure Options. Deselecting locations will prevent them from showing up as locations in this client. Does not affect locations in Marvel Snap.
4. Click the Start Adventure button to get started.
5. Select one of the three profiles for saving purposes.
6. Set your starting cards and captains.

Gameplay
--------
1. Snap Adventure uses Marvel Snap's normal ranked play for the primary gameplay loop. It is recommended to reach Infinity before starting a new adventure, to avoid losing rank due to the potential difficulty of the campaign.
2. Players start with a limited team of cards, as well as a handful of cards labeled as captains. Your captains are the primary leaders of your team. If all of your captains are eliminated, captured, or sent away, you lose the adventure immediately. Your other lose condition is not having enough valid cards on your team to make a deck.
3. To start the adventure, click the glowing location at the bottom of the screen. This will bring up the first "section". Each world has four sections, as well as a boss section. Depending on the difficulty, you must complete a number of sections to reveal the boss. 2 for easy, 3 for normal, and all 4 for hard.
4. Before you can challenge a section, you must complete the section task listed in the top right of the section view. Most of these tasks require you to 'station' one of your cards in the section. Stationing cards removes them from your team for the remainder of the world in exchange for letting you challenge the location. At any time, you may unstation a card, but you have to immediately replace it with another card that meets the condition. If the section asks for a specific random card like with Ego, you may not swap it out since the cards chosen are the only valid ones.
5. If you do not wish to challenge the current section, you may skip the current section and advance to the next. This will pass the section without completing it, meaning it will not make progress toward revealing the boss. However, if you are on easy or normal difficulty, you do not have to complete all of the sections, so skipping can be a valuable tool.
5b. In each world, you may skip one location for free. Skipping additional locations requires you to send one of your cards to be a decoy, resulting in that card getting captured. This mechanic prevents the optimal strategy from simply being to skip through all the worlds to see what they are before attempting any. The player can still do it, but it will cost three cards on the team.
6. Each section contains an enemy. Most normal sections are guarded by faceless mooks with no special abilities. All enemies have HP. In order to clear the section, you must reduce the enemy's HP to 0 or less. HP is reduced by winning battles in Marvel Snap, similar to Conquest mode.
7. 6 random sections throughout the adventure contain Infinity Stones as rewards for clearing them. When one appears in the rewards box, you must add the corresponding Infinity Stone as a secondary effect by right-clicking the enemy icon and choosing "Add Secondary Effect". Then select the corresponding Infinity Stone. Infinity Stones make the section harder, but collecting them grants you a powerful tool that will help you for the rest of the adventure. There is also a surprise waiting for those who manage to clear the adventure with all 6 Infinity Stones. Since enemies can only have one secondary effect at a time, if another effect would give the enemy a different secondary effect, the Infinity Stone always takes priority.
8.Use the Create Deck button to construct a deck using your current team. You may only use cards in the Deck Construction window. Clicking the confirm button will automatically paste the deck to your clipboard, allowing you to paste it into Marvel Snap. Leave the Match Result dialog open, and play a random ladder match with your team. Select the result in the dialog that matches the result of your match after it finishes, as well as whether you wish to perform a Captain Capture (see below).
9. If you win the match, deal 2 damage to the enemy. If the enemy retreated, deal 1 damage. If you snapped, double the damage dealt. The enemy snapping is irrelevant to damage calculation unless otherwise specified.
10. If you lose the match, a random card that is not still in your deck at the end of the match will be wounded. Any cards in your hand, on the field, on the opponent's field, destroyed, or discarded are valid targets for wounding, except for tokens, generated cards, and cards originally owned by the opponent. You can click the dice button to generate a random card. Reroll if the card is an invalid target. Some game effects also require wounding cards. To wound a card manually, right-click on the card from the main adventure screen and select "wound". Wounded cards may still be used, but they will be eliminated if wounded again. Placing wounded cards in your deck is risky. Unlike being captured, wounds persist until healed, making losses more damaging in the long-term than retreats. 
11. If you retreat from a match, you must choose a card in your hand or on your field. That card will be "captured". Captured cards are removed from your team until you beat the boss, similar to stationed cards.
12. At the end of a match where you do not retreat, if one of your captains has influence in a winning lane, you may capture the base card in that lane of an enemy card you do not own. You may only perform one captain capture per match. "Influence" is determined by the captain providing at least one power in that lane, either directly through its own power or indirectly through a buff, debuff, or card created by that captain. For instance, Mister Fantastic in the center location has influence in all three locations and could perform a capture in any lane you are winning. Moon Girl has influence in each lane where the cards she generated are placed. You may also perform captures with clones of your captain, but you are limited to one captain capture per match even if you have multiple captain clones on the field in winning locations.
12a. Performing a capture allows you to immediately obtain the captured card and permanently add it to your team. However, the action takes its toll on the captain and prevents the captain that performed the capture from being used for the remainder of the world. It is important to weigh whether the capture is worth losing the captain for the rest of the world. A captain performing a capture cannot be targeted for capturing or wounding.
12b. Aside from the captains being the lose condition for the adventure, the capturing mechanic is the primary means of gaining specific new cards. Since you don't have to win the match to perform a capture, you could intentionally throw a match in order to obtain a specific card you need without risking your captain.
13. After completing a match, the cards in your deck have a chance to become exhausted from overuse. If the cards are only used once, there is no chance of exhaustion. If they are used twice in a row, they have a 10% chance to be exhausted. This 10% increases by another 10% each time the card is used successively, until they get exhausted. An exhausted card cannot be used in the next match and will recover after the next match completes. All exhausted cards recover after completing the current world.
13b. One effective strategy to prevent exhaustion is to cycle between two unique teams. The exhaustion mechanic is designed to help prevent complacency in combination with the other mechanics like wounds, location effects, and the limited card pool. The exhaustion mechanic has a tendency to break strong synergies, making it more difficult to steamroll a world with one amazing deck you manage to build.